                  Funnelweb gives you control.


Funnelweb is a software package that helps manage the use of a
household network. It lets you limit how much data is used, what is
available or blacklisted, and when the internet is available. In
short, it gives you control.

ISP's often provide their service with some sort of "monthly
quota". When that quota is used up, they may block connections
completely, or throttle your connection speed. Funnelweb can manage
each user's quota independently in a very similar way -- people can
have daily or monthly quotas which help keep the household usage under
control.

We designed Funnelweb when we had young children and wanted to be able
to control when the network was available, how much time they spent on
it and to protect them from less savory sites.  Arguments about
"needing to finish this game" before coming to dinner or going to bed
vanished, and the children started budgeting their usage so they
wouldn't run out before the end of the month.

Funnelweb is an open sourced program released under the GPLv3
which runs on a Linux computer.  It is free to download,
and install on your own hardware, or you can purchase Funnelweb from
us either as a download image, on removable memory
(CFDisks, SDram, microSD, USB sticks....) or a completely configured,
plug-n-play piece of hardware. We can also make custom versions
suitable for schools, hotels, or public access hotspots.

In the spirit of open source, we don't actually charge for the
software.  We fund our Funnelweb development and improvement of the
documentation by charging for our time, the documentation, media,
support and customisation.  Purchasing Funnelweb from us allows us to
offer high quality support and to keep improving Funnelweb.  It also
allows us to maintain a set of the hardware systems that our users
use, so we can thoroughly test Funnelweb before we release new
versions.

Funnelweb can be run on a normal desktop PC (with two network ports).
A PC running 24 hours a day, seven days a week churns through a lot of
electricity, so we have designed it to also run on the same sorts of
hardware that many of the wireless routers and ADSL modems run on: it
uses much less power, runs silently and can be tucked out of the way.

Users who have bought support, documentation, media or customised
systems also get access to our email help-line, copies of any improved
versions of the documentation and access to our improved versions of
the Funnelweb software.
